Update README (#271)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: README.md

# Rancher Product Docs

Welcome to the Rancher Product docs.

This repo is used to migrate content from the [Rancher docs](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/) site to publish it on the [SUSE Documentation site](https://documentation.suse.com/). It runs on the [Antora](https://antora.org/) framework.

> See the [Rancher software](https://github.com/rancher/rancher) repo if you have questions or requests for the Rancher platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For questions or feature requests about Rancher software, refer to [Rancher GitHub repository](https://github.com/rancher/rancher).
```

Reviewer: Just a small change,
IMO: "see" might not be the most inclusive term for visually impaired users. Consider using "refer to" instead.

## Contribute to Rancher Docs

If you are looking to update the currently published iteration of the Rancher docs site, please visit [https://github.com/rancher/rancher-docs](https://github.com/rancher/rancher-docs).

> To start contributing, first install the Antora environment by running `make environment`.

Reviewer 2: We should use the underlying commands in our instructions instead of the make commands because of (the lack of) Windows compatibility. I've shared reference material with you via Slack.
